#Smart Iron is a web-app clinical tracking and screening application designed to help users monitor symptoms related to hemochromatosis and anemia. The diagnosis tool has been created with TensorFlow and OpenCV,and may analyze user-uploaded images of the eyes, skin, and nails for signs of skin bronzing and conjunctive pallor, and pallor of the nailbeds, using artificial neural networks and Grad-CAM visual neural networks. It features a live optical sensor monitoring simulation for tracking serum iron, ferritin, and transferrin saturation, as well as a tracker with interactive charts and data outputs. Daily symptom logs are encrypted locally using AES-128 encryption,  before being stored in the program's SQLite database, to uphold user privacy. The application also includes a locator that uses geocoder and geopy to find nearby phlebotomy centers and estimate testing costs, and can translate into Spanish, French, and Mandarin, and offers accessibility options such as text-to-speech.
#The application is built on Streamlit’s framework and requires Python 3.8 or higher. The libraries have been adjusted according to Python 3.11.9. To install and run the project locally, the repository must be cloned, the dependencies listed in the requirements file must be installed, place the required machine learning models and label text files in the root directory, and execute the application using the Streamlit run command. Smart Iron is intended strictly for educational and symptom-tracking purposes . It should not be used as a substitute for professional medical care.

 #  git clone [https://github.com/yourusername/smart-iron.git](https://github.com/yourusername/smart-iron.git)
   
